Release 0.21.0:

Several small features as well as polishing (including fetching a GPG key with
a shortcut and unsubscribing from mailinglist using an url). Several old
deprecated parts of sup have been modernized. Support for Ruby 1.9.3 has been
dropped. Have a look in History.txt for the details.

Release 0.20.0:

We've got man pages (Mr. Andersson)! We've got OpenBSD support (Scott Bonds)!
It is now possible to get your HTML emails indexed by setting up a mime-decode
hook before you index (Scott Bonds)! Scott Bonds also fixed up special character handing in source URIs. It is now possible to set up a goto hook
for opening the URL below the cursor.

Also a few long standing bugs have been fixed, and new GPG keys have been made
for the tests.

Release 0.19.0:

New hook: check-attachment and a new option to shows dates in 24h format.

Our old mailinglists have been closed with the shut down of Rubyforge. Please subscribe to our new list: supmua@googlegroups.com.

Release 0.18.0:

sup-tweak-labels works again. new color options and some bug fixes.

Release 0.17.0:

Bugfixes and new option for continous scrolling as well as an option for
always editing messages in async mode.

Release 0.16.0:

Removed unfinished and abandoned sup-sync-back-mbox.

Safer mime-view attachment file name handling, a temp file name is used
while the extension is only used if it is alphanumeric.

The migration script for YAML documents is now deprecated for ruby > 2.1
and will be removed in the future.

Release 0.15.4:

Bugfixes.

Release 0.15.3:

Revert non-functioning hidden_alternates option and fix bugs.

Release 0.15.2:

Use form_driver_w when available. New hidden_alternates option.

Release 0.15.1:

Sort threads last-activity-first and bug fix.

Release 0.15.0:

Maildir Syncback has been included. Refer to the wiki for more information on
how to set it up.

sup-sync-back has been moved to sup-sync-back-mbox, please make sure
you make any needed changes.

Release 0.14.1.1:

See 0.13.2.1.

Release 0.13.2.1:

Security advisory (#SBU1) for Sup

We have been notified of an potential exploit in the somewhat careless
way Sup treats attachment metadata in received e-mails. The issues
should now be fixed and I have released Sup 0.13.2.1 and 0.14.1.1 which
incorporates these fixes. Please upgrade immediately and also ensure
that your mime-decode or mime-view hooks are secure [0], [1].

This is specifically related to using quotes (',") around filename or
content_type which is already escaped using Ruby Shellwords.escape -
this means that the string (content_type, filename) is intended to be
used _without_ any further quotes. Please make sure that if you use
.mailcap (non OSX systems), you do not quote the string.

Credit goes to: joernchen of Phenoelit (http://phenoelit.de) who
discovered and suggested fixes for these issues.

[0] https://github.com/sup-heliotrope/sup/wiki/Viewing-Attachments
[1] https://github.com/sup-heliotrope/sup/wiki/Secure-usage-of-Sup

Release 0.14.1:

Service release to 0.14.0 plus a predefined 'All mail' search.

Release 0.14.0:

CJK-compatability, Psych usage, thread safety, GPGME 2.0 support. Sup is now
Ruby 1.9 based, and apart from RMail - ready for Ruby 2.0.0.

Sup now uses Psych as a YAML parser (default by Ruby) and your previous
configuration files (~/.sup/*.yaml) may need to be migrated or re-created for
them to work with the new sup. A migration script is included for this.

Check https://github.com/sup-heliotrope/sup/wiki/Migration-0.13-to-0.14 for
the latest instructions.

First back up your ~/.sup directory and index, after installing the new sup
run:

$ sup-psych-ify-config-files

to migrate your files. You should now be all set for buisness.


Release 0.13.2:

FreeBSD compatability and more thread safe polling.

Release 0.13.1:

Another ruby 1.8 compatible release, various fixes.

Release 0.13.0:

Collection of bugfixes and stability fixes since 0.12.1. We now depend on our
own ncursesw-sup fork.

Release 0.12.1:

This release changes the gem dependency on ncurses to ncursesw, which
allows the gem to install cleanly on Ruby 1.9.

The new sup-import-dump program applies labels to an existing index,
which could be done with sup-sync before 0.12.

Release 0.12:

Deprecated remote sources have been removed.

Maildir support has been improved to gracefully handle messages that
move or disappear. The "out of sync" errors should no longer occur.

Inline GPG is now supported.

Release 0.11:

The deprecated Ferret index has been removed.

Remote sources (IMAP, IMAPS, and mbox+ssh) have been deprecated and will be
removed in 0.12. Tools like offlineimap, fetchmail, and rsync provide a much
better user experience for these mail sources than Sup would ever be able to by
itself.

If your terminal supports it you can now use 256 colors in your colorscheme. Run
the contrib/colorpicker.rb program to get the color names to put in colors.yaml.

Saved searches are now supported. Hit '%' in search-results-mode to save the
current search, and enter an empty search string to open the list of saved
searches.

Release 0.10:

The Xapian backend is now the default. Convert your old, crash-prone Ferret
index to Xapian by running sup-convert-ferret-index.

Using a Ferret backend will produce a deprecation notice, and will not be
supported in 0.11.

Many thanks to Rich Lane.

Release 0.9.1:

This is mainly a bugfix release, with a couple minor new features rolled up.

If you are using the Ferret backend, consider convering soon. I will probably
add a deprecation notice in 0.10, and you support will be dropped in 0.11.

Release 0.9:

There's a new Xapian backend as an alternative to the Ferret one. It's still in
a beta stage. It's much faster and much less prone to the random crashes than
Ferret, but certain things don't work yet, most noticeably the unread message
counts in label-list-mode.

You can switch back and forth between both indexes without harm, *except* any
new messages added to the one index won't be picked up by the other. Follow
these instructions:

To TRY the Xapian index, without screwing Ferret up:

1. sup-dump > dump                              # takes a while
2. export SUP_INDEX=xapian                      # or however you do it in your shell
3. sup-sync --all --all-sources --restore dump  # takes a long time
4. sup -n                # -n ensures that no polling is done. don't hit 'P' either

Step 1 will take a long time, and step 3 will take a very long time.

At this point, whenever you run Sup, the SUP_INDEX environment variable will
determine which index you use. If it's unset, or "ferret", you will use the
ferret index. If it's "xapian", the Xapian index. Make sure when you run sup
with the Xapian index, you use -n and don't hit 'P', to avoid loading new
messages into it.

If you want to switch to Xapian permanently, you can then:

1. rm -rf ~/.sup/ferret
2. permanently set SUP_INDEX=xapian according to your shell
3. Run sup as normal, i.e. without -n.

If you want to go back to Ferret, you can just rm -rf ~/.sup/xapian and make
sure your SUP_INDEX environment variable is unset.

Release 0.8.1:

A bugfix release with fixes for quote parsing (bad behavior in certain long
emails), multibyte display for non-utf8 locales, and reply-mode mode selection.

Release 0.8:

The big wins are undo support, mbox splitting fixes, and the various UI
speedups and bugfixes. Parsing new email should also be faster, although
IMAP remains tragically slow, as usual.

Release 0.7:

The big win in this release is that Ferret index corruption issues should now
be fixed, thanks to an extensive programming of locking and
thread-safety-adding.

The other nice change is that text entry will now scroll to the right upon
overflow, thanks to some arcane Curses magic that Steve Goldman discovered.

As always, this release includes many other bugfixes and enhancements.

Release 0.6:

Message attachment searchability automatically takes effect on new messages,
but if you want it on older ones, you'll have to reindex them. See the
instructions below, and the help for sup-sync, for how to do this.

Release 0.5:

Saving message state (pressing "$") has been sped up. However, this is only
automatically in effect for new messages. To make it effective for older
messages (i.e. messages indexed with versions of Sup before 0.5), you must
reindex them, e.g. by running sup-sync --all on a source.
